Right?
You were scolded by me
Why are you scolding people?
Are they customers after all?
It's easy for me to scold him
I scolded him and provided him with emotional value
He also has to listen respectfully to provide emotional value
Don't mess with me
You don't understand if you say it, you are still young.
Mr. Tang
Tell your husband about it
Many people do not prioritize problem-solving
Always talking about how miserable I am and how difficult it is for me
But didn't you come to the lawyer to solve the problem?
You are struggling to find a lawyer
Lawyers solve problems for you
Lawyers don't give you emotional value
Like that woman just now
Since he got married
I was beaten by my husband every now and then
What's even worse is that his husband doesn't have a job at all
He is the one who earns money to support his husband and his mother-in-law
He said he was going to get a divorce and couldn't bear to leave
Are you angry?
Isn't this love and murder?
You're flattering him by saying that
But there are quite a few of them, and I can't figure out why.
Just like my mom
My mom says every day that my dad is not human
Every day screaming to kill him
But I sent my dad to jail, right?
He scolded me in turn
Say I have no conscience
He said my dad would wag his tail even if he had a dog
And I sent my own father to prison
Are you angry?
Sorry for embarrassing you.
So I can only scold
I used to think I was bad
Is my way wrong?
But then I found that it was quite useful
Because they're dealing with their stress this way.
Perverted enough
Right?
The people from Tang Law Judicial Bureau are here to see you
Why is there another person? How long has it been? I see.